The goal of this project was to replicate a piano just by tapping your fingers on a piece of paper. Because I play piano, it was a fun and applicable project to do. To see a demo, look at DEMO, and to see a picture of the setup, look at SETUP. 

To achieve this, I used an overhead webcam to detect which note was being played, and a photoresistor with an Arduino to detect when the key was pressed. To detect if a key was pressed, I put a flashlight on the table across from the photoresistor, so the light would stop hitting the photoresistor if the finger touched the paper. The photoresistor was used with an Arduino, which would send the photoresistor values to the python file. 

To see which note was being played, I used a sharpie and drew on the paper where each key would begin and end. Using Canny edge detection and the Hough line transform, I divided the paper into sections, where one section corresponded to one note on the piano. I then used a color mask which detected where each finger was located. To maximize accuracy, I used a orange glove, so that the mask was able to plot where the orange finger was. I then saved wav files of notes at each frequency (for example, middle C has a frequency of 262 Hz). By using the photoresistor data and the mask, we could see which note was being played and when it was being played, and the notes were played from the wav files. 

This project could be improved by adding more notes. Also, it would be cool to have the user write on the paper which note they want in each section, and then have the computer recognize the letter and play the correct sound. 
